Update FAQ with spec stability and implementations info (#1430)
earth-mover/icechunk: docs/docs/faq.md

No, we do not recommend implementing Icechunk independently of the existing Rust library.
There are two reasons for this:

> 1. The 1.0 version of the spec is stable. We are continuing to make improvements and will publish new versions of the spec as needed, accompanied with working reference implementation.

Author: Mention what sorry? That a version >1.0 of the spec exists? Or that spec version 2.0 is (or will be) also stable?

No, we do not recommend implementing Icechunk independently of the existing Rust library.
There are two reasons for this:

1. Whilst the 1.0 version of the spec is stable,

>    we are still making improvements and so the specification is expected to evolve in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The 1.0 version of the spec is stable. We are continuing to make improvements and will publish new versions of the spec as needed, accompanied with working reference implementation.
```

1. It's probably much easier to bind to the Rust library from your language of choice,
   rather than re-implement from scratch.

We welcome contributions from folks interested in developing Icechunk bindings for other languages!

## Are there any independent implementations based on the Icechunk spec?

At least one independent (read-only) implementation does exist: Google's [Neuroglancer](https://github.com/google/neuroglancer) application - [Icechunk docs here](https://neuroglancer-docs.web.app/datasource/icechunk/index.html)).

> This arguably proves that the Icechunk (1.0) specification is well-defined enough to be interoperable between implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demonstrates that the Icechunk (1.0) specification is well-defined enough to be interoperable between implementations.
```
